I think some of the proceedings in the hearings have disgusted the public, because the condom
of some of us who have participated in it.
I say that regretfully.
Because I think there are no people who leave and have a right to expect the United States
Senate and its committees to conduct the proceedings of this government, with dignity, with salinity
and in a spirit of service to country rather than as a show and as an attempt to ridicule
and smear.
I seriously regret many things that have happened in the course of these hearings.
I could answer you quite positionally.
I could very well say that instead of having a famous memo of understanding that it has
turned out to be an infamous memo of misunderstanding.
I do not know what transpired.
I am not particularly concerned.
Although a member of the committee I was not invited to participate, backward is surely
a partisan action and the party responsible and the members of that party who conducted
the proceedings in that fashion, so I have to take the responsibility.
From the chairman I can say to you this morning that you have testified eloquently, eloquently,
and I can express to the empenets, to the lack of capacity, obvious administration and
the Republican Party to conduct their affairs of government without turmoil and harrying.
I do not know what happened.
I do not know whether anyone was deceived or not, but I do know that they for suffer,
those lunch and sourd on the stomach of the Second Day of the Army.
I have heard when the members of the Democratic members went on on this committee, we were
up as a committee in Falta, all the desires of a situation that obviously led to this tragic
situation.
I cannot do no more shut the office with this.
I did not send Mr. Adams on this, Mr. Stingham.
They came to me.
They did not come to me with the advice and the counsel of Mr. Tvart-Flipper.
They came to me with the advice and the counsel and upon the instruction that I understand
it.
Mr. Bill Rogers who is next to the highest legal authority in this government today and
under this administration.
What are we to do as Democrats?
We are not invited to participate until a round of the gaps between the Republicans.
One you seek our advice.
I gave the best advice I know.
I immediately told Mr. Adams to go to the Republican members of this committee and with
respect to the story that he related to me, I thought in my would not touch it unless
he gave it to me and invited.
I can do no more than that, Mr. Chairman, to have him.
I have tried throughout the course of these hearings to try to keep some on track.
Try to keep up here relevant testimony.
Try to keep up the extraneous matters and do a dignified job and find these hearings
to a conclusion by getting all of the testimony that was present at the relevant so that we
might have a benefit of it when we only take the performance of the duties of writing
a report.
Mr. Chairman, I say to you now that these hearings are concluded today and I know you're
going to conclude them without the testimony of the three witnesses whom I urge this committee
to summon subpoena, Mr. Clifford, Mr. Shine and General Lawton.
Then just what it will not be complete, these hearings will not be done and there are
important testimony as I quote, so I call and public information on the issues involved
to be far of a focus to us.
I hope Mr. Chairman that we can end these hearings.
In a spirit of real Americanism not only partisan issues but partisan issues have been
injected.
I think wrongfully so but they hear and may I say to you that the power is I am concerned.
I am a Democrat but I place the security in the whole part of my country above any part.
Mr. Chairman.
I was not a question but I don't think that was a question so I was a question that
will be sent to that to his next amendment.
I would like to comment on this and do the part that the plaintiff and McClellan was
directing.
I know some of these remarks, George starts me as not of me, George, my party.
The judge doesn't like others to meet up part of an issue after he's sent 10 minutes
of the press.
I am not so much impressed with Mr. McClellan.
I am very highly inclined to hear that all the other should be out here.
I agree with you on that.
I think the American people should know when you talk about the conduct of the press.
I think they should be reminded again.
Mr. Stevens.
Let me finish.
I didn't interrupt you, Senator.
You were a visit by him.
We know that the Montagritte calls show that the Republican Secretary of the Army Bob Stevens
was repeatedly calling Mr. Simon that there's nothing to this.
I want to get out of there and want to testify.
We know that Mr. Simon can have you, Senator McClellan, who advised me not to do that.
You were referring to your daughter?
I wonder if I didn't interrupt you.
Let me finish this.
I'm not finishing.
You'll have all the time, I assume you want.
I think we're making these wine up to each other.
I just want to crack such a plan.
For example, I want to hear Montagritte calls refer to your Republican colleague as that gang.
The refer to the infamous agreement made.
The only agreement made was that the American people.
The entitled to get information about communists.
I don't think there's anything infamous about the rats.
I think it's the sort of agreement that had been made and they sent her from Missouri,
rather than Arkansas.
And it said that they were only called back after they were to row.
Now, Senator, you are slightly in error on that.
The Montagritte calls about which the U.U.N. or Senator McClellan will testify.
The Montagritte calls U.N. or Senator Simon.
The Montagritte calls show that the quarrel was the result of the urging by Senator Simon.
And what urging it was in the part of Clark Clifford, we don't know.
Now, Senator McClellan, if you are as sincere as you try to make yourself up to me,
and I assume most likely you are, then I think you should take Simon.
I'm sending him to the Woodshed, talk to him, and say an hour's to you, let you and I go on to stand.
Let's go under oath. Let's show that when we are telling the television audience
that we want all the facts laid in the table, say that we are going to do that ourselves.
Otherwise, if they're hearing in, was the picture being made very clear,
that a very innocent secretary of the Army was jolting and shoving into this fight
by the U.E. Gould, House, through the top advisor of the Democratic Party,
I may say, John, that your party is going to suffer and bleed very, very much because of it.
The American people are not going to be fooled. We've got a pretty intelligent jury.
I think some of us here are making a mistake of assuming that because a farmer may live on the back 40 acres,
the mistake of assuming that he does not know just as well what's going on here as any son of her at this table.
Did I have a... Did I have a minute of my own time?
I'm having a fire, I'm having a time.
I'm having a time.
Thank you, but she could time up without any reference.
So, this time, Amy, you would heal the time in the tunnel, but still, you'd have your phone get in there.
I'll only take a minute, then.
Richard, and I have no more announcements for utterances to make and no Christmas.
And I intend to do my campaigning after the hungwishes again and to get out on the hustlings.
I would much prefer to do it there than to inject it into this procedure.
But I do believe that all the time I could call for at least one of the links.
From the time of the March manifesto, from 1933 is 85 years.
But in the period since 1933, more progress has been made by communist infiltration.
Then in all the 85 years, at the Bay of the Tomarts, part of that manifesto in 1848.
And the problem that it gives today has been provoked and they separated as a matter of fact.
Body, infiltration, was the birthplace of this law and communist in government.
And we have been struggling and vigorously added to our paruces and to get them out of government.
And each of these said to the everlasting credit of the Eisenhower administration that that work is going forward on every problem.
Had any infiltration not implemented?
Had there been this vigilant here for a very public administration, certainly would not have the bittering shot.